can I guys Greg's kitchen time once
again and today I'm going to show you
how to make something edible what do I
mean by that well I recently bought this
salsa dip from the local supermarket
I've taken a few mouthfuls and it is
disgusting oh and I was just about throw
it out and I thought oh why throw it out
when I can just make it edible again and
now am I gonna make it edible
well let me show you how come on
okay so to make this salsa dip edible
what I'm gonna need is some sour cream
and some cheese mmm tasty cheese
okay so into a bowl I'm just gonna add
this disgusting salsa sauce I'm then
going to spoon in some sour cream equal
amounts maybe a bit less and then add
some cheese mix that through and there
you have it some now totally edible
salsa sauce right well let's give some
of this now edible salsa sauce
I got we're gonna put on five kilos now
I can actually hmm well guys I hope that
little tip comes in handy and it
improves some of that disgusting salsa
sauce you might have bought and was
gonna throw away but now you don't have
to so I had to save you money even
though you have to spend it on stair
cream and cheese but I it was well worth
the extra kilos oh yeah anyway guys
thanks for watching remember to thumb
this video what oh down if you want to I
really don't care thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time right here